rewrite finally section (#43152)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/try...catch/index.md

The `finally` block contains statements to execute after the `try` block and `catch` block(s) execute, but before the statements following the `try...catch...finally` block. Control flow will always enter the `finally` block, which can proceed in one of the following ways:

- Immediately after the control flow exits the `try` block in a `try...finally` construct (e.g., after the last statement or a `throw` or `return` statement);
- Immediately after the control flow exits the `catch` block in a `try...catch...finally` construct;
- Immediately after the control flow exits the `try` block in a `try...catch...finally` construct, unless it exits via a `throw` statement (in which case control flow enters the `catch` block first);

> In most cases, if the `finally` block is entered after a control flow statement (`return`, `throw`, `break`, `continue`), the effect of this statement is deferred until after the last statement executed in the `finally` block. However, if the last statement executed in the `finally` block is itself a control flow statement, that statement will override the effect of the previous one (no deferral).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `finally` block is entered after a control flow statement (`return`, `throw`, `break`, `continue`), the effect of this statement is deferred until after the last statement executed in the `finally` block. However, if the last statement executed in the `finally` block is itself a control flow statement, that statement will override the effect of the previous one (no deferral). For example, if an exception is thrown from the `try` block, even when there's no `catch` block to handle the exception, the `finally` block still executes, in which case the exception is still thrown immediately after the `finally` block finishes executing and no other control flow statements were encountered.
```

  writeMyFile(theData);
} finally {
  closeMyFile(); // always close the resource
  // any uncaught exception is deferred here
}
```

> In the same way, any `return` statement in the `try` block is deferred at the end of the `finally` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same way, any `return` statement in the `try` block is deferred at the end of the `finally` block, although the return value expression is evaluated before entering the `finally` block.
```
